Raw, girst-hand:
Intro
"My mom told me to find a work, so I decided to become a blogger and gone to abandoned factory far from the city to prove that ghost do exist"
"I bought on my last money few expensive cameras cuz people on the internet were saying that camera can see what human eyes cannot"

Game
We appear not too far from the factory and go straight to it.
Inside the factory
 1. As we learn the building our character says that we need to place cameras all around the place and task will appear that says "place camera in this room" (highlight the place where we need to place camera)
 2. Eventually our task is to find a room to sleep, but as we go there we will hear steps(possibly we can visualize fear using shaders (as the fear gets bigger the more it takes screen space ))

As we came to this room we'll find... ... ... A HOMELESS MAN, he won't harm us and he's gonna be cool so we're gonna stick around to him. (He tells us his name is Pickle Man, which is Easter egg to currently popular English blogger)

As we sit in the room and talk to him we hear something 
"Have you heard it?" Asks Pickle Man 
"Yeah, We need to check cams" Us
*Checking one cam we see a black figure with a packet of food*
Pickle man says "ITZ MY FIEND JOSH"
And goes to him, you decide to go after Pickle man
As you go talking in your head you'll find crucified pickle man. 
"PICKLE MAN!"
No response, he's dead.
Cutsecene where characters immediately takes look at the camera and sees huge black figure that goes for him while making sounds that you can hear through a mic
You're running towards your room hoping that light from bonfire is the safe place 
You realize you lost your laptop with access to camera and want to retrieve it and leave this place.
But as you look where you are rn.
You are in the long corridor made of job applications forms
As you go through it, you'll came out in the basement, solving simple puzzle with gazette that helps you learn history behind this homeless man who killed pickle man.
As you find the laptop you're trying to run out of the building
As you're left off the building all you see in the camera that black shadows are everywhere and this is where he appears
Pickle man descends from the sky and with the power of alcohol destroys all insanity that his friend caused. 
As we wake up building is no more, but here we are, some hopniks find us and tried stole our cameras
Bottle of vodka drops from the sky on the head of one hopnik with the text "dontchu dare to touch my friend"
Happy ending
We in a suit appear next to grave of Pickle Man saying "I found a job pickle man, here's bottle of vodka for you"

My additions:
Name of main character(he is trash streamer or something clause to it) - Vovan Jopan\Vlad Savelyev\Don Simon\Moldavskish(EE to Snatch)?
Player recording vid or make stream?
Factory must be build for some tiny detail that dissapeared after internet invention, m.b. phone bookelts, etc.
Homeless - must be reverse of main character, who was working before on it's factory, but due to unwilling for changes left without a job.
May building be not fully dissaoear, but all staf dissapear, and player when rizes said: "Focking ciganish", cause he flashlighted that spot with vid\stream etc.
The whole idea be to go into darkness despite monsters and fear.
Tell the story how factory didn't applied workers due to no profit and no income from business (jobapplication tunnel)

Corrections:
Name of main character(he is trash streamer or something clause to it) - Vovan Jopan
Player recording vid
Factory reffererence Odesa Ice-Cream Factory ruins
Homeless - must be reverse of main character, who was working before on it's factory, but due to unwilling for changes left without a job.
May building be not fully dissapear, but all staf dissapear, and player when rizes said: "Focking ciganish", cause he flashlighted that spot with vid and everything was stolen.
The whole idea be to go into darkness despite monsters and fear.
Tell the story how factory didn't applied workers due to no profit and no income from business (jobapplication tunnel)
